./ -*- coding: us-ascii ; mode: nroff ;-*-
./ This file is part of Jikes RVM (http://jikesrvm.sourceforge.net).
./ The Jikes RVM project is distributed under the Common Public License (CPL).
./ A copy of the license is included in the distribution, and is also
./ available at http://www.opensource.org/licenses/cpl1.0.php
./
./ (C) Copyright IBM Corp. 2006
./
./
./ @author Steven Augart
./ @date 23 April 2004
./
./ Sample manual page for Jikes RVM.
./
./ Note: the version of "iconv" shipped with Red Hat Linux will
./ break if this manual page contains any characters from the
./ extended range (high-bit set) of the iso-8859-1 character set.
./ That's why this text is us-ascii instead.
./
./ Test your manual page with:
./    nroff -man skeleton.man | less
./
./
./ TODO: We need to use a macro-expansion process like that of 
./ GNU Configure so that we replace this with the proper version.
.TH "COMMAND-NAME" "1" "August 2004" "Jikes RVM version 2.3.3+CVS" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
command-name \- One-line description of command-name

.SH SYNOPSIS

.B command-name
[OPTIONS]

.SH DESCRIPTION

This is a sample manual page for 
.B command-name
.

.SH "REPORTING BUGS"

The 
.B Jikes RVM
bug tracking system is at 
.B http://oss.software.ibm.com/jikesrvm/solutions


.SH "SEE ALSO"
.B http:://oss.software.ibm.com/jikesrvm
is the 
.B "Jikes RVM"
web site, including a complete user's manual.
The user's manual is also included with the Jikes RVM distribution,
and in a Jikes RVM installation will usually be found under
/usr/share/doc/jikesrvm or at /usr/local/jikesrvm/doc.
